oh ok there's a QB that from Germany and
I let this train set up probably 94 and
Mike a method my back shop you can help
me in Beltran said I'd be a bit of a lot
of money yeah we like it yeah lives in
you're gonna bark at a hobo camp and you
see my losing mass but Robert it looks
fine they can't see the limit it looks
fine how many how many engines do you
have for this train I have 100 each
engine yes in my hair
come on hon 10 convenient new room I see
this kenichi on top doesn't come contain
their tune this is the narrow gate
engage I see so this is all GE gauge
except for those yeah yeah wow this is
some layout and might built this whole
layout for you this is your room here
right is right what type of engine is
that running right now that's a real
older type steam engine we got 19 maybe
I said aunt a cyno some sun summit some
train set
this is all made by what company makes
LG LG be under me Germany is awesome
this video is going to go on youtube
we're hoping to find some other people
to like trains that they're live near us
in san clemente ok fun deaf kids thing
of this get out like they had much
longer I say is your is your engine
smoking yet that's okay it's okay this
is why the training set your saloon
girls I don't see them you didn't put
them up yet well we'll do another video
another time we'll get them up we're
just starting we're going to try to do a
lot of videos for you their extreme
oh yeah over there yeah
and what kind of engine none of those on
the wall over there you've got the two
engines behind you know directly behind
you that means I see and over here those
are what that's a diesel up on the wall
yes I see and down below the blue and
yellow santa fe o mad at something and i
see up here those are all slot cars on
the shelf awesome man awesome all right
eric johnson in san clemente god bless
everybody